# Address Library Database
The Address Library Database helps facilitate the sharing of function and static variable names between Skyrim Anniversary Edition IDA databases. It is loaded by the [Address Library Manager](https://github.com/meh321/AddressLibraryManager/releases) and supports game versions 1.6.317.0 and later by assigning names to [Address Library](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/32444) identifiers.

The Address Library Database consists of a `relib` file and a `rename` file. The `relib` file contains a list of identifiers and their paired offsets for each version of the game, and the `rename` file contains a list of identifiers and their paired names.

When the Address Library Database has been loaded by the Address Library Manager, each version of the game that is supported will be listed. You can then select a version of the game and dump its identifier and offset pairs, or create the Address Library for either that specific version of the game or all supported versions of the game.

## Importing to the Address Library Database
Export offset and names pairs from your IDA database to the `IDANames.txt` file by running either the `IDAExportNames_IDA6.py` script or the `IDAExportNames_IDA7.py` script in IDA, depending on the version of IDA you are using. Before running the script, the `GetFilePath` function must be edited to return the directory in which the `IDANames.txt` file will be created. The `IDANames.txt` file can then be imported to the Address Library Database using the Address Library Manager by selecting `Names`, clicking `Import from IDA script result`, and then selecting the version of the game that was used to create your IDA database.

You can optionally compare the `IDANames.txt` file against previous `IDANames.txt` files to prevent importing unnecessary names to the Address Library Database. Previous `IDANames.txt` files must be placed in the subdirectory of the `Names` subdirectory determined by the version of the game used to create them. It is recommended that you compare the `IDANames.txt` file against the `IDANames.txt` file that you previously used to contribute names. If you have not contributed names before then please recreate your IDA database, run any plugins which automatically name functions and/or static variables such as [Class Informer](https://sourceforge.net/projects/classinformer/), and create a base `IDANames.txt` file to compare against. 

## Exporting to your IDA database
Export offset and name pairs from the Address Library Database by selecting `Names` and clicking `Export names to IDA 6.x` or `Export names to IDA 7.x`, depending on the version of IDA you are using. Then select the version of the game that was used to create your IDA database. Like when importing to the Address Library Database, you can optionally compare names against previous `IDANames.txt` files to prevent exporting unnecessary names to your IDA database. The `SetNamesInIDA.py` script will then be created in the same directory as the Address Library Manager, which must then be run in IDA.
